docs/cookbook/optimize_relationship_loading.md, before:

When dealing with any kind of relationship in your models,
be it One-To-Many, Many-To-One or Many-To-Many,
`SQLAdmin` will load related models in your edit page.

For example if we have the following model definition:

```python
class Parent(Base):
    __tablename__ = "parent_table"

    id = mapped_column(Integer, primary_key=True)
    children = relationship("Child", back_populates="parent")


class Child(Base):
    __tablename__ = "child_table"

    id = mapped_column(Integer, primary_key=True)
    parent_id = mapped_column(ForeignKey("parent_table.id"))
    parent = relationship("Parent", back_populates="children")
```

When we are editing a `Parent` object in the Admin,
there will be an HTML `select` option which loads all possible `Child` objects to be selected.

This is fine for small projects, but if you more than a few hundred records in your tables,
it will be very slow and inefficient.
Practically for each request to the Edit page, all records of `Child` table will be loaded.

In order to solve this you can use Form options available in [configuration](./../configurations.md#form-options).

You have a few options to improve this:

### Using `form_ajax_refs`

Instead of loading all the `Child` objects when editing a `Parent` object,
you can use `form_ajax_refs` to load `Child` objects with an AJAX call:

```py
class ParentAdmin(ModelView, model=Parent):
    form_ajax_refs = {
        "children": {
            "fields": ("id",),
            "order_by": "id",
        }
    }
```

This will allow you to search `Child` objects using the `id` field while also ordering the results.

### Using `form_columns` or `form_excluded_columns`

Another option, which is not as useful as the previous one, is that you might not need
the relationship `children` to be edited for your `Pranet` objects.

In that case you can just exclude that or specifically include the columns
which should be available in the form.

```py
class ParentAdmin(ModelView, model=Parent):
    form_excluded_columns = [Parent.children]
```

### Using `form_query` to customize form query

If you would like to fully customize the query to populate the form, you may override the
`form_query` function with your own SQLAlchemy query. In the following example, overriding the 
default query will allow you to filter relationships to show only relevant data.

```py
class ParentAdmin(ModelView, model=Parent):
    def form_query(self, request: Request) -> Select:
        parent_id = request.path_params["pk"]
        return (
            super()
            .form_query(request)
            .join(Child)
            .options(contains_eager(Parent.children))
            .filter(Child.parent_id == parent_id)
        )
```

Commit message:

Update references to edit_form_query
Since the logic behind this query function requires the primary key(s),
it will not work with the create form. Updating the name and information
to reflect that it is intended for use with the edit form specifically.

docs/cookbook/optimize_relationship_loading.md, after:

When dealing with any kind of relationship in your models,
be it One-To-Many, Many-To-One or Many-To-Many,
`SQLAdmin` will load related models in your edit page.

For example if we have the following model definition:

```python
class Parent(Base):
    __tablename__ = "parent_table"

    id = mapped_column(Integer, primary_key=True)
    children = relationship("Child", back_populates="parent")


class Child(Base):
    __tablename__ = "child_table"

    id = mapped_column(Integer, primary_key=True)
    parent_id = mapped_column(ForeignKey("parent_table.id"))
    parent = relationship("Parent", back_populates="children")
```

When we are editing a `Parent` object in the Admin,
there will be an HTML `select` option which loads all possible `Child` objects to be selected.

This is fine for small projects, but if you more than a few hundred records in your tables,
it will be very slow and inefficient.
Practically for each request to the Edit page, all records of `Child` table will be loaded.

In order to solve this you can use Form options available in [configuration](./../configurations.md#form-options).

You have a few options to improve this:

### Using `form_ajax_refs`

Instead of loading all the `Child` objects when editing a `Parent` object,
you can use `form_ajax_refs` to load `Child` objects with an AJAX call:

```py
class ParentAdmin(ModelView, model=Parent):
    form_ajax_refs = {
        "children": {
            "fields": ("id",),
            "order_by": "id",
        }
    }
```

This will allow you to search `Child` objects using the `id` field while also ordering the results.

### Using `form_columns` or `form_excluded_columns`

Another option, which is not as useful as the previous one, is that you might not need
the relationship `children` to be edited for your `Pranet` objects.

In that case you can just exclude that or specifically include the columns
which should be available in the form.

```py
class ParentAdmin(ModelView, model=Parent):
    form_excluded_columns = [Parent.children]
```

### Using `edit_form_query` to customize the edit form data

If you would like to fully customize the query to populate the edit object form, you may override
the `edit_form_query` function with your own SQLAlchemy query. In the following example, overriding
the default query will allow you to filter relationships to show only related children of the parent.

```py
class ParentAdmin(ModelView, model=Parent):
    def edit_form_query(self, request: Request) -> Select:
        parent_id = request.path_params["pk"]
        return (
            super()
            .edit_form_query(request)
            .join(Child)
            .options(contains_eager(Parent.children))
            .filter(Child.parent_id == parent_id)
        )
```
